# The Internet and The Web Discussion
The internet is an large network of interconnected devices which can interact and communicate with one another. The internet uses internet protocols such as TCP and UDP to allow devices to interact with each other. Due to undersea cables and satellites, global connectivity is possible regardless of geographic location. The web is a service that runs on top of the internet. The internet is simply the infrastructure while the web is the UI on top of it. 

Challenges and Ethical Considerations: Since the internet and web are so widespread, it is very hard to monitor everything going on. This means that there are a lot of compromised websites and networks. Social media is a key part of the web, with its presence constantly increasing by the year. The average person puts a lot of their personal information onto these accounts and could be at risk of identity theft. To ensure safe web-surfing, people should make sure to use VPNs (virtual private networks) to mask their IP from any potential threats. 

Global Impact: The general impact of the internet and web has been very positive worldwide. Communication between loved-ones and friends has become much more convenient along with professional/work commitments through email, zoom, Microsoft teams, etc. Education and work is now possible completely remotely. Allowing those who may lack the capabilities of committing to a designated place day-to-day. This remote method has helped countless people worldwide to live where they want to live while still contributing to their workplace from home. Due to the internet and web, we now have endless information at our fingertips. Some are concerned that we have too much information available resulting in an information overload. 
